Fixes #8670 - Makes explicit the example reference (#8699)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/async_function/index.md

}
```

> In the single async function above, notice there is no `await` statement after the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the second example, notice there is no `await` statement after the
```

...seems clearer?

Author: Yes. Thanks. I reused the phrase from earlier for the same effect but this is much better.
